---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "storagegrid_bucket_policy Data Source - storagegrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve the access policy for a specific bucket, providing insights into who has access and what actions they can perform.
---

# storagegrid_bucket_policy (Data Source)

Retrieve the access policy for a specific bucket, providing insights into who has access and what actions they can perform.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the bucket

### Read-Only

- `policy` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy))

<a id="nestedatt--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the bucket policy (currently not used).
- `statement` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy--statement))
- `version` (String) The version of the bucket policy (currently not used).

<a id="nestedatt--policy--statement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.statement`

Read-Only:

- `action` (List of String) the specific actions that will be allowed
- `condition` (Map of Map of String) the conditions that define when this policy statement will apply. (A Condition element can contain multiple conditions. Each condition consists of a Condition Type and a Condition Value.)
- `effect` (String) the specific result of the statement (either an allow or an explicit deny)
- `not_action` (List of String) the specific exceptional actions
- `not_principal` (Attributes) The principal(s) that are denied access to the bucket.

Specify either "principal" or "not_principal", but not both.

To have Terraform render JSON containing "Principal": "*", use type = "*" and identifiers = ["*"].
To have Terraform render JSON containing "Principal": {"AWS": "*"}, use type = "AWS" and identifiers = ["*"].
If you want to specify a list of principals instead of a wildcard (["*"]) specify a list of principal ARNs as identifiers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy--statement--not_principal))
- `not_resource` (List of String) the objects that the statement does not cover
- `principal` (Attributes) The principal(s) that are allowed access to the bucket.

Specify either "principal" or "not_principal", but not both.

To have Terraform render JSON containing "Principal": "*", use type = "*" and identifiers = ["*"].
To have Terraform render JSON containing "Principal": {"AWS": "*"}, use type = "AWS" and identifiers = ["*"].
If you want to specify a list of principals instead of a wildcard (["*"]) specify a list of principal ARNs as identifiers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy--statement--principal))
- `resource` (List of String) the objects that the statement covers
- `sid` (String) the unique identifier for the statement

<a id="nestedatt--policy--statement--not_principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.statement.not_principal`

Read-Only:

- `identifiers` (List of String) the identifiers of the principal that is denied access
- `type` (String) the type of principal that is denied access


<a id="nestedatt--policy--statement--principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.statement.principal`

Read-Only:

- `identifiers` (List of String) the identifiers of the principal that is allowed access
- `type` (String) the type of principal that is allowed access
