---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "storagegrid_groups Data Source - storagegrid"
description: |-
  Fetch all groups - a data source
---

# storagegrid_groups (Data Source)

Fetch all groups, local and federated - a data source.

```terraform
data "storagegrid_groups" "fetch_groups" {}

output "fetch_groups" {
  value = data.storagegrid_groups.fetch_groups
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) the response data for the request (required on success and optional on error; type and content vary by request) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String)
- `display_name` (String)
- `federated` (Boolean)
- `group_urn` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `management_read_only` (Boolean)
- `policies` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--policies))
- `unique_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--data--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.policies`

Read-Only:

- `management` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--policies--management))
- `s3` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--policies--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--data--policies--management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.policies.management`

Read-Only:

- `manage_all_containers` (Boolean) Allows users to change settings of all S3 buckets (or Swift containers) in this account. Supersedes the View all buckets permission. Applies to the Tenant Manager UI and API only and does not affect the permissions granted by an S3 group policy.
- `manage_endpoints` (Boolean) Allows users to configure endpoints for platform services.
- `manage_own_container_objects` (Boolean)
- `manage_own_s3_credentials` (Boolean) Allows users to create and delete their own S3 access keys.
- `root_access` (Boolean) Allows users to access all administration features. Root access permission supersedes all other permissions.
- `view_all_containers` (Boolean) Allows users to view settings of all S3 buckets (or Swift containers) in this account. Superseded by the Manage all buckets permission. Applies to the Tenant Manager UI and API only and does not affect the permissions granted by an S3 group policy.


<a id="nestedatt--data--policies--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.policies.s3`

Required:

- `statement` (Attributes List) a list of group policy statements (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--policies--s3--statement))

Optional:

- `id` (String) S3 Policy ID provided by policy generator tools (currently not used)
- `version` (String) S3 API Version (currently not used)

<a id="nestedatt--data--policies--s3--statement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.policies.s3.statement`

Optional:

- `action` (List of String) the specific actions that will be allowed (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Action or NotAction.)
- `effect` (String) the specific result of the statement (either an allow or an explicit deny)
- `not_action` (List of String) the specific exceptional actions (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Action or NotAction.)
- `not_resource` (List of String) the objects that the statement does not cover (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Resource or NotResource.)
- `resource` (List of String) the objects that the statement covers (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Resource or NotResource.)
- `sid` (String) an optional identifier that you provide for the policy statement
