---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "storagegrid_group Data Source - storagegrid"
description: |-
  Fetch a specific tenant group, either by name or ID
---

# storagegrid_group (Data Source)

This data source can either fetch a specific group by name or by ID.


```terraform
# This will fetch (local or federated) group by specific ID
data "storagegrid_group" "group_id" {
  id = "aec838fe-523f-bd43-a4df-xxxxxx"
}

output "group_id" {
  value = data.storagegrid_group.group_id
}

# This will fetch local group by specific name (group/ prefix is mandatory)
data "storagegrid_group" "group_local_name" {
  unique_name = "group/gitlab-xxxxxx"
}

output "group_local_name" {
  value = data.storagegrid_group.group_local_name
}

# This will fetch federated group by specific name (federated-group/ prefix is mandatory)
data "storagegrid_group" "group_fed_name" {
  unique_name = "federated-group/xxxxxxxxx"
}

output "group_fed_name" {
  value = data.storagegrid_group.group_fed_name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `unique_name` (String)

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String)
- `display_name` (String)
- `federated` (Boolean)
- `group_urn` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `management_read_only` (Boolean)
- `policies` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `management` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--management))
- `s3` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.management`

Read-Only:

- `manage_all_containers` (Boolean)
- `manage_endpoints` (Boolean) Allows users to configure endpoints for platform services.
- `manage_own_container_objects` (Boolean)
- `manage_own_s3_credentials` (Boolean) Allows users to create and delete their own S3 access keys.
- `root_access` (Boolean) Allows users to access all administration features. Root access permission supersedes all other permissions.
- `view_all_containers` (Boolean) Allows users to view settings of all S3 buckets (or Swift containers) in this account. Superseded by the Manage all buckets permission. Applies to the Tenant Manager UI and API only and does not affect the permissions granted by an S3 group policy.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.s3`

Required:

- `statement` (Attributes List) a list of group policy statements (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--s3--statement))

Optional:

- `id` (String) S3 Policy ID provided by policy generator tools (currently not used)
- `version` (String) S3 API Version (currently not used)

<a id="nestedatt--policies--s3--statement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.s3.statement`

Optional:

- `action` (List of String) the specific actions that will be allowed (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Action or NotAction.)
- `effect` (String) the specific result of the statement (either an allow or an explicit deny)
- `not_action` (List of String) the specific exceptional actions (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Action or NotAction.)
- `not_resource` (List of String) the objects that the statement does not cover (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Resource or NotResource.)
- `resource` (List of String) the objects that the statement covers (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Resource or NotResource.)
- `sid` (String) an optional identifier that you provide for the policy statement
