---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "storagegrid_tenant_config Data Source - storagegrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetch the global configuration - a data source
---

# storagegrid_tenant_config (Data Source)

Fetch the global configuration - a data source



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `account` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--account))
- `auto_logout` (Number) The timeout period for the browser session in seconds (zero for disabled)
- `deactivated_features` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--deactivated_features))
- `permissions` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions))
- `restricted_port` (Boolean) Whether your current connection is using a restricted port that allows access to Tenant Management APIs (/org) but prevents access to Grid Management APIs (/grid)
- `token` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--token))
- `user` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user))

<a id="nestedblock--account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account`

Read-Only:

- `capabilities` (Set of String) The high-level features enabled for this account, such as S3 or Swift protocols (accounts must have the 'management' capability if users will sign into the Tenant Manager)
- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the account (automatically assigned when an account is created)
- `name` (String) The descriptive name specified for the account (this name is for display only and might not be unique)
- `policy` (Attributes) Settings for the tenant account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--account--policy))
- `replica` (Boolean) Automatically assigned when generating the response. Ignored in the PUT body. Present only if this tenant account has permission to use a grid federation connection. If true, this account on the local grid is a replica of an account created on another grid. If false, this account was created on the local grid and is not a copy.

<a id="nestedatt--account--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account.policy`

Read-Only:

- `allow_compliance_mode` (Boolean) Whether a tenant can use compliance mode for object lock and retention.
- `allow_platform_services` (Boolean) Whether a tenant can use platform services features such as CloudMirror. These features send data to an external service that is specified using a StorageGRID endpoint.
- `allow_select_object_content` (Boolean) Whether a tenant can use the S3 SelectObjectContent API to filter and retrieve object data.
- `allowed_grid_federation_connections` (String) Connection IDs of tenants. When specified, cross-grid replication of this account and the buckets in this account will be allowed.
- `max_retention_days` (Number) The maximum retention period in days allowed for new objects in compliance or governance mode. Does not affect existing objects. If both max_retention_days and max_retention_years are null, the maximum retention limit will be 100 years.
- `max_retention_years` (Number) The maximum retention period in years allowed for new objects in compliance or governance mode. Does not affect existing objects. If both max_retention_days and max_retention_years are null, the maximum retention limit will be 100 years.
- `quota_object_bytes` (Number) The maximum number of bytes available for this tenant's objects. Represents a logical amount (object size), not a physical amount (size on disk). If null, an unlimited number of bytes is available.
- `use_account_identity_source` (Boolean) Whether the tenant account should configure its own identity source. If false, the tenant uses the grid-wide identity source.



<a id="nestedblock--deactivated_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deactivated_features`

Read-Only:

- `manage_all_containers` (Boolean) Ability to manage all S3 buckets or Swift containers for this tenant account (overrides permission settings in group or bucket policies). Supersedes the view_all_containers permission.
- `manage_endpoints` (Boolean) Ability to manage all S3 endpoints for this tenant account
- `manage_own_container_objects` (Boolean) Ability to use S3 Console to view and manage bucket objects
- `manage_own_s3_credentials` (Boolean) Ability to manage your personal S3 credentials
- `view_all_containers` (Boolean) Ability to view settings for all S3 buckets or Swift containers for this tenant account. Superseded by the manage_all_containers permission.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Read-Only:

- `manage_all_containers` (Boolean) Ability to manage all S3 buckets or Swift containers for this tenant account (overrides permission settings in group or bucket policies). Supersedes the view_all_containers permission.
- `manage_endpoints` (Boolean) Ability to manage all S3 endpoints for this tenant account
- `manage_own_container_objects` (Boolean) Ability to use S3 Console to view and manage bucket objects
- `manage_own_s3_credentials` (Boolean) Ability to manage your personal S3 credentials
- `root_access` (Boolean) Full access to all tenant administration features
- `view_all_containers` (Boolean) Ability to view settings for all S3 buckets or Swift containers for this tenant account. Superseded by the manage_all_containers permission.


<a id="nestedblock--token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `token`

Read-Only:

- `expires` (String) Time when the token expires


<a id="nestedblock--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `federated` (Boolean) True if the User is federated, for example, an LDAP User
- `first_name` (String) The User's first name
- `full_name` (String) The human-readable name for the User
- `id` (String) UUID for the User (generated automatically)
- `management_read_only` (Boolean) Whether the user is in a read-only group
- `unique_name` (String) The machine-readable name for the User (unique within an Account)
- `username` (String) The username that is used to sign in
