---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "storagegrid_groups Resource - storagegrid"
description: |-
  Create new group - a resource
---

# storagegrid_groups (Resource)

Create a new group - a resource. The group then contains users.
See [StorageGrid documentation](https://docs.netapp.com/us-en/storagegrid-118/tenant/creating-groups-for-s3-tenant.html).

```terraform
resource "storagegrid_groups" "new-local-group" {
  unique_name          = "group/my_new_test_group_tf_stroragegrid_provider"
  display_name         = "StorageGrid TF Provider plugin"
  management_read_only = "false"
  policies = {
    management = {
      manage_all_containers        = false
      manage_endpoints             = false
      manage_own_container_objects = false
      manage_own_s3_credentials    = true
      root_access                  = false
    }
    s3 = {
      statement = [
        {
          sid      = "681616"
          effect   = "Deny"
          action   = ["s3:GetObject"]
          resource = ["arn:aws:s3:::mybucket/myobject"]
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String)
- `management_read_only` (Boolean) Select whether users can change settings and perform operations or whether they can only view settings and features.
- `policies` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `unique_name` (String) The unique name for a group, which cannot be changed. 
For federated group, the unique name comes from the identity source. The value to specify depends on the type of identity source in use:
Active Directory: Use the sAMAccountName attribute.
OpenLDAP: Use the CN (Common Name).
Other LDAP: Identify the appropriate unique name value for the LDAP server.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String)
- `federated` (Boolean) True if the Group is federated, for example, an LDAP Group
- `group_urn` (String) Contains the Group uniqueName and Account ID (generated automatically)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `management` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--management))
- `s3` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.management`

Optional:

- `manage_all_containers` (Boolean) Allows users to change settings of all S3 buckets (or Swift containers) in this account. Supersedes the View all buckets permission. Applies to the Tenant Manager UI and API only and does not affect the permissions granted by an S3 group policy.
- `manage_endpoints` (Boolean) Allows users to configure endpoints for platform services.
- `manage_own_container_objects` (Boolean) When combined with the View all buckets or Manage all buckets permission, allows users to view and manage objects from the S3 Console tab on the details page for a bucket.
- `manage_own_s3_credentials` (Boolean) Allows users to create and delete their own S3 access keys.
- `root_access` (Boolean) Allows users to access all administration features. Root access permission supersedes all other permissions.
- `view_all_containers` (Boolean) Allows users to view settings of all S3 buckets (or Swift containers) in this account. Superseded by the Manage all buckets permission. Applies to the Tenant Manager UI and API only and does not affect the permissions granted by an S3 group policy.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.s3`

Required:

- `statement` (Attributes List) a list of group policy statements (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--s3--statement))

Optional:

- `id` (String) S3 Policy ID provided by policy generator tools (currently not used)
- `version` (String) S3 API Version (currently not used)

<a id="nestedatt--policies--s3--statement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.s3.statement`

Optional:

- `action` (List of String) the specific actions that will be allowed (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Action or NotAction.)
- `effect` (String) the specific result of the statement (either an allow or an explicit deny)
- `not_action` (List of String) the specific exceptional actions (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Action or NotAction.)
- `not_resource` (List of String) the objects that the statement does not cover (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Resource or NotResource.)
- `resource` (List of String) the objects that the statement covers (Can be a string if only one element. A statement must have either Resource or NotResource.)
- `sid` (String) an optional identifier that you provide for the policy statement
